Update server_overview.rst (#2112)
chef/chef-web-docs: chef_master/source/server_overview.rst

.. DO NOT CHANGE THE FOLLOWING TITLE BECAUSE IT IS LINKED FROM THE ERROR MESSAGES IN THE CODE FOR THESE SETTINGS.

> External PostgreSQL Settings

Reviewer: Will renaming this cause problems related to the note above? 
"DO NOT CHANGE THE FOLLOWING TITLE BECAUSE IT IS LINKED FROM THE ERROR MESSAGES IN THE CODE FOR THESE SETTINGS."

Author: Reverted.

----------------------------------------------------

> Use the following configuration settings in the chef-server.rb file to configure External PostgreSQL for use with the Chef Infra Server:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following configuration settings in the chef-server.rb file to configure external PostgreSQL for use with the Chef Infra Server:
```

   * - ``postgresql['vip']``
     - Required when ``postgresql['external']`` is set to ``true``. The virtual IP address. The host for this IP address must be online and reachable from the Chef Infra Server via the port specified by ``postgresql['port']``. Set this value to the IP address or hostname for the machine on which external PostgreSQL is located when ``postgresql['external']`` is set to ``true``.

Optional Settings
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> The following optional settings are required when configuring External PostgreSQL on Microsoft Azure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following optional settings are required when configuring external PostgreSQL on Microsoft Azure:
```

.. list-table::
   :widths: 200 300
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Setting
     - Description
   * - ``bookshelf['sql_connection_user']``

>      - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'bookshelf@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``bookshelf['sql_user']`` (default: ``'bookshelf'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL "database as a service" configuration. If set to ``nil``, non-Azure is assumed and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``bookshelf['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'bookshelf@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``bookshelf['sql_user']`` (default: ``'bookshelf'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL database-as-a-service configuration. If set to ``nil``, Chef Infra Server assumes that the database is not on Azure and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``bookshelf['sql_user']`` Default value: ``nil``.
```

   * - ``oc_bifrost['sql_connection_user']``

>      - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'bifrost@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``oc_bifrost['sql_user']`` (default: ``'bifrost'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL "database as a service" configuration. If set to ``nil``, non-Azure is assumed and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``oc_bifrost['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'bifrost@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``oc_bifrost['sql_user']`` (default: ``'bifrost'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL database-as-a-service configuration. If set to ``nil``, Chef Infra Server assumes that the database is not on Azure and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``oc_bifrost['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.
```

   * - ``oc_id['sql_connection_user']``

>      - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'oc_id@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``oc_id['sql_user']`` (default: ``'od_id'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL "database as a service" configuration. If set to ``nil``, non-Azure is assumed and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``oc_id['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'oc_id@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``oc_id['sql_user']`` (default: ``'od_id'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL database-as-a-service configuration. If set to ``nil``, Chef Infra Server assumes that the database is not on Azure and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``oc_id['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.
```

   * - ``opscode_erchef['sql_connection_user']``

>      - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'opscode_chef@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``opscode-erchef['sql_user']`` (default: ``'opscode_chef'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL "database as a service" configuration. If set to ``nil``, non-Azure is assumed and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``opscode_erchef['sql_user']``.Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'opscode_chef@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``opscode-erchef['sql_user']`` (default: ``'opscode_chef'``). This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL database-as-a-service configuration. If set to ``nil``, Chef Infra Server assumes that the database is not on Azure and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``opscode_erchef['sql_user']``. Default value: ``nil``.
```

   * - ``postgresql['db_connection_superuser']``

>      - The PostgreSQL superuser name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'opscode_pgsql@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``postgresql['db_superuser']`` with any dashes replaced by underscores. This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL "database as a service" configuration. If set to ``nil``, non-Azure is assumed and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``postgresql['db_superuser']``. Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The PostgreSQL superuser name in ``'username@hostname'`` format (e.g. ``'opscode_pgsql@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``), where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``postgresql['db_superuser']`` with any dashes replaced by underscores. This setting is **required** in an external Azure PostgreSQL database-as-a-service configuration. If set to ``nil``, Chef Infra Server assumes that the database is not on Azure and the PostgreSQL connection will be made using the value specified in ``postgresql['db_superuser']``. Default value: ``nil``.
```

> An example ``chef-server.rb`` configuration for External PostgreSQL on Microsoft Azure:

Reviewer: We need an empty line after the list-table.
```suggestion

This is an example ``chef-server.rb`` configuration for external PostgreSQL on Microsoft Azure:
```

Author: I think that was the compilation error I was trying to find.  Thanks for figuring it out.

   * - ``postgresql['vip']``
     - Required when ``postgresql['external']`` is set to ``true``. The virtual IP address. The host for this IP address must be online and reachable from the Chef Infra Server via the port specified by ``postgresql['port']``. Set this value to the IP address or hostname for the machine on which external PostgreSQL is located when ``postgresql['external']`` is set to ``true``.

Optional Settings
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
The following optional settings are required when configuring External PostgreSQL on Microsoft Azure:

.. list-table::
   :widths: 200 300
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Setting
     - Description
   * - ``bookshelf['sql_connection_user']``

>      - The PostgreSQL user name in ``'<username@hostname>'`` format (e.g. ``'bookshelf@my_postgresql.postgres.database.azure.com'``) used for making PostgreSQL queries, where ``username`` would normally equal the value of ``bookshelf['sql_user']`` (default ``'bookshelf'``). Default value: ``nil``.

Reviewer 2: A nil value means the system uses the string 'bookshelf', right? So if they were using azure they'd need to fully define this.

Author: Reworded.  Lemme know what you think.
